Updated related to Symfony installation and Symfony Flex (#12119)
symfony/symfony-docs: setup.rst

    screencast series.

Technical Requirements
----------------------

Before creating your first Symfony application you must:

* Make sure to have PHP 7.1 or higher installed (and :doc:`these PHP extensions </reference/requirements>`
  which are installed and enabled by default by PHP);
* `Install Composer`_, which is used to install PHP packages;
* `Install Symfony`_, which creates in your computer a binary called ``symfony``
  that provides all the tools you need to develop your application locally.

Creating Symfony Applications
-----------------------------

Open your console terminal and run any of these commands to create a new Symfony
application:

.. code-block:: terminal

    # run this if you are building a traditional web application
    $ symfony new --full my_project_name

    # run this if you are building a microservice, console application or API
    $ symfony new my-project

The only difference between these two commands is the number of packages
installed by default. The ``--full`` option installs all the packages that you
usually need to build web applications, so the installation size will be bigger.

> If you can't `install Symfony`_ for any reason, run these commands to create the

Reviewer: If you can't or don't want to?

Before creating your first Symfony application you must:

* Make sure to have PHP 7.1 or higher installed (and :doc:`these PHP extensions </reference/requirements>`
  which are installed and enabled by default by PHP);
* `Install Composer`_, which is used to install PHP packages;
* `Install Symfony`_, which creates in your computer a binary called ``symfony``
  that provides all the tools you need to develop your application locally.

.. _creating-symfony-applications:

Creating Symfony Applications
-----------------------------

Open your console terminal and run any of these commands to create a new Symfony
application:

.. code-block:: terminal

    # run this if you are building a traditional web application
    $ symfony new --full my_project_name

    # run this if you are building a microservice, console application or API
    $ symfony new my-project

The only difference between these two commands is the number of packages
installed by default. The ``--full`` option installs all the packages that you
usually need to build web applications, so the installation size will be bigger.

If you can't or don't want to `install Symfony`_ for any reason, run these

> commands to create the new Symfony applications using Composer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
commands to create the new Symfony application using Composer:
```

as upper you wrote `Open your console terminal and run any of these commands to create a new Symfony
	application:`

    $ cd my-project/
    $ composer install

You'll probably also need to customize your :ref:`.env file <config-dot-env>`
and do a few other project-specific tasks (e.g. creating a database). When
working on a existing Symfony application for the first time, it may be useful
to run this command which displays information about the project:

.. code-block:: terminal

    $ php bin/console about

.. _symfony-flex:

Installing Packages
-------------------

A common practice when developing Symfony applications is to install packages
(Symfony calls them :doc:`bundles </bundles>`) that provide ready-to-use
features. Packages usually require some setup before using them (editing some
file to enable the bundle, creating some file to add some initial config, etc.)

> Most of the times this setup can be automated and that's why Symfony includes

Reviewer: time?

`Symfony Flex`_, a tool to simplify the installation/removal of packages in
Symfony applications. Technically speaking, Symfony Flex is a Composer plugin
that is installed by default when creating a new Symfony application and which
**automates the most common tasks of Symfony applications**.

.. tip::

    You can also :doc:`add Symfony Flex to an existing project </setup/flex>`_.

Symfony Flex modifies the behavior of the ``require``, ``update``, and
``remove`` Composer commands to provide advanced features. Consider the
following example:

.. code-block:: terminal

    $ cd my-project/

>     $ composer require mailer

Reviewer: I would use another example as `mailer` is the only edge case right now that is a problem as we have `symfony/mailer` and a `mailer` alias on Swiftmailer.

Checking Security Vulnerabilities
---------------------------------

The ``symfony`` binary created when you `install Symfony`_ provides a command to
check whether your project's dependencies contain any known security
vulnerability:

.. code-block:: terminal

    $ symfony security:check

A good security practice is to execute this command regularly to be able to
update or replace compromised dependencies as soon as possible. The security
check is done locally by cloning the public `PHP security advisories database`_,
so your ``composer.lock`` file is not sent on the network.

.. tip::

    The ``security:check`` command terminates with a non-zero exit code if
    any of your dependencies is affected by a known security vulnerability.
    This way you can add it to your project build process and your continuous
    integration workflows to make them fail when there are vulnerabilities.

Symfony LTS Versions
--------------------

According to the :doc:`Symfony release process </contributing/community/releases>`,
"long-term support" (or LTS for short) versions are published every two years.
Check out the `Symfony roadmap`_ to know which is the latest LTS version.

> By default, the commands that create new Symfony applications use the latest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the command that create new Symfony application use the latest ... 
```

no?

Reviewer 3: ... createS...

.. _`Stellar Development with Symfony`: http://symfonycasts.com/screencast/symfony
.. _`Composer`: https://getcomposer.org/
.. _`Install Composer`: https://getcomposer.org/download/
.. _`Install Symfony`: https://symfony.com/download

> .. _`install Symfony`: https://symfony.com/download

Reviewer 4: duplicate line

Author: It looks like that ... but it has a different case: "install" vs "Install".

Reviewer 4: I had not seen the different uses 😅
